microsoft_sqlserver/data_stream/transaction_log: Add support for `fetch_from_all_databases` for mssql (#7500)
elastic/integrations: packages/microsoft_sqlserver/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# Microsoft SQL Server Integration

> The Microsoft SQL Server integration package allows you to search, observe and visualize the SQL Server audit logs and performance and transaction log metrics through Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: > audit logs and performance and transaction log metrics through Elasticsearch.

audit logs, as well as performance and transaction log metrics, through Elasticsearch.

The feature `merge_results` has been introduced in 8.4 beats which creates a single event by combining the metrics together in a single event. See [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/current/metricbeat-module-sql.html#_example_merge_multiple_queries_to_single_event) for details.

See: [Instructions about each performance counter metrics](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-os-performance-counters-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver15)

### Transaction log metrics

Collects system level `transaction_log` metrics information for SQL Server instance.
Metrics for user-level databases can be collected by providing a list of user databases for which metrics are to be collected.

See: [Instructions and the operations supported by transaction log](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/logs/the-transaction-log-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver15)

### Password URL encoding

When there are special characters in the password, pass the special characters by using URL encoding.

> ### Fetch from all databases

Reviewer 2: Can we switch the `fetch from all databases` section one step above in order to bring this under Transaction_log metrics?

> To simplify the process of fetching metrics from all databases on the server, you can enable the `fetch_from_all_databases` toggle when configuring the integration. This field overrides manually entered database names in the `Databases` input and instead fetches the required `transaction_log` metrics from all databases, including system and user-defined databases.

Reviewer 3: An integration user will not know this specific toggle config used inside beats. We can just refer to, what name is showed in the configuration UI?

Author: Oh, my bad. It should be `Fetch from all databases` instead and not `fetch_from_all_databases`. Thanks!

> To simplify the process of fetching metrics from all databases on the server, you can enable the `fetch_from_all_databases` toggle when configuring the integration. This field overrides manually entered database names in the `Databases` input and instead fetches the required `transaction_log` metrics from all databases, including system and user-defined databases.

Author: ```suggestion
To simplify the process of fetching metrics from all databases on the server, you can enable the `Fetch from all databases` toggle when configuring the integration. This field overrides manually entered database names in the `Databases` input and instead fetches the required `transaction_log` metrics from all databases, including system and user-defined databases.
```

> To simplify the process of fetching metrics from all databases on the server, you can enable the `fetch_from_all_databases` (boolean field) when configuring the integration. This field overrides manually entered database names in the `Databases` field and instead fetches the required `transaction_log` metrics from all databases, including system and user-defined databases. 

Reviewer 2: - The `(boolean field)` can be renamed as a `toggle`. As we have a toggle button in the UI.
- See if we could also rename the `Databases` **field** to `Databases` **input**

> When there are special characters in the password, pass the special characters by using URL encoding.

Reviewer: > When there are special characters in the password, pass the special characters by using URL encoding.

When the password contains special characters, pass these special characters using URL encoding.

> Keep in mind that this feature is set to `false` by default and needs to be manually set to `true` to be activated.

Reviewer 2: Similarly,
```suggestion
Keep in mind that this feature is disabled by default and needs to be manually enabled to be activated.
```
